Fixed section title (#1331)
stoplightio/spectral: docs/guides/4-custom-rulesets.md

    foo: bar
```

> ## Extending Ruleset

Reviewer: >The paragraph describe how to extend a rulesets not a rule.

I'm not sure about that change. Indeed the document relates to rulesets, but my understanding of that paragraph is that is describes how to override and replace an rule that already exists in one of the base ruleset.

Aside from that, maybe the title is a bit misleading as we don't really extend a rule, but rather redefine it.

So maybe 

```suggestion
## Redefining Rules
```

@philsturgeon Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Replacing Rules? Then it’s consistent with language in the paragraph you’re suggesting.

> When extending another ruleset, you can actually extend and modify rules it has declared by adding a rule to your own ruleset with the same name.

Reviewer: And since undeclared properties in the new rule won't inherit from properties declared in the base rule, maybe

```suggestion
When extending another ruleset, you can actually replace a rule it has declared by adding a new rule to your own ruleset with the same name.
```
